okay guys well it's finally done click
on battlecruiser is officially complete
and I thought I would just show it off
here to let you guys see the end product
wait let's back up here we go okay so
this is it this is the done ship all the
decals are on it's been flat coated well
it's got a matte finish it's not really
flat it's got a little bit of a sheen to
it
did you tell right there but it's okay
it looks it looks fine for me I went in
and painted some of the parts a couple
different colors and applied the decals
and put some of that clear glue in the
front here which came out okay I'm gonna
find something else besides that I used
that testers canape glue and it did what
I needed it to do but it's just I don't
know I need to find something else to
use overall building the ship was pretty
straightforward it was pretty
straightforward build there's lots of
big scenes with these two these two
whole halves here and also where the the
cells come together along here on the
front and back pretty good seams there
nothing that puddi didn't take care of
so yeah I like the colors of the decals
they stand out pretty well I think this
one right here is not accurate to the
studio model but I like the way that it
looks so I went ahead and put it on
which leaves me to the one big gripe
that I have about this kit and that is
the decal instructions and let me just
show you how great these look here's the
instruction sheet
this small section here is all that you
have for decal placement now look how
tiny that is and you've got decals like
you know these small ones here
this little red one you can't really
tell looking at this tiny thing if if
this is supposed to go lengthwise or up
and down you know and there's not really
a picture-perfect image I mean you know
a nice crystal clear image on the web on
the internet of how that stuff's
supposed to look so I just kind of
winged it also the numbers are wrong
this number 8 decal here is this little
decal here where there's only four of
those in the kit but if you go on off
the instructions there's two there's
four there's five there's seven and
there's an eighth one well there's only
four in a kit so I'm not sure what
that's all about
so that needs some work I think I know
you know it's supposed to be slightly
slightly better than the original that
came out back in the 60s but that I you
know I understand trying to keep costs
under control and all that but I just
think that could have been done a little
bit better the antennas on the front are
gone so let's take a look at how the
ship looks lit up
so here's how it looks lit I only did
the front area here and the clear coat
definitely took down a lot of lens
flares sorry JJ Abrams if you ever see
this but I like I like I like the way
that it looks it's nice and smooth
looking really like that a lot a matter
of fact let me turn this big light off
here it looks a lot better especially
the red there on the top
I really like it really really liked it
so this is the officially this is the
first this is the first lit model where
I've gone in and done you know LEDs and
all that I did a last year I did a
psycho Bates mansion which I never
posted any final pictures of what I
rigged up a wall light inside of that
much awful I need to get that getting
some video of that and get that posted
so you guys can see that because it's
pretty cool so this gave me the
confidence that I needed to get some
other kits finished namely mainly this
guy right here and get finished with
this fellow here so yeah I hope you guys
like it um again my only big complaint
was the decal placement guide is so tiny
that I really wish they would they would
do something different but that's pretty
much it guys I I really really enjoyed
doing this bill I'm glad to see that I'm
getting some views I'd like to see more
so if if you think I'm doing a good job
I'd appreciate it if you'd tell your
friends so I could maybe get some some
more people to check this stuff out so
yeah that's pretty much it for this one
and I don't know what I'm gonna work on
next I think it would take a day or two
off from modelling and just kind of
relax so that's it guys again thanks for
watching and we'll see you next time